but Scott said there was a Kyle at his
three o'clock and then he said it's 1230
and that's when her drawers heading from
east to west and west to east you know
just bigger draws his house were going
to take me to pass elite who this is
pilagan hit in
yeah damn you got
that other one's self in the heel up
here and he was making a deal and to the
caller in the decoy when he got to the
first big outing he stopped we probably
got time for that sort of two more set
up to get hurt and we could
most of them to be shooting yeah
you
good shot very thanks buddy all right
shooting there you go boy as soon as he
caught that he was actually kind of
circling down win as soon as he saw that
decoy he be lined right for it
ticket
what'd you think of that he was even
closer than the last one
get him Christmas
Chris right applause folks hope you like
that at some really fast action and has
promised I did not say you were in the
middle of things that but I'd like to
take a moment and think all of our pro
staff they really hard work in there
really good hunters they know what they
doing we've been working with them to
train them to hunt and film in the mojo
style not that they weren't doing great
on their own but you know our style is
to put that declaw that e-collar a
pretty close get that filter right up on
top of you most of them we got trained
for the way all couple own we still
working on but they are a great bunch of
guys and a great bunch of hunters and
most of them to make a DVD and if you'd
like to know anything about them you
just go to mojo outdoors calm click on
the TV link click on the pro league
scroll down there everyone I'm very just
click on the link you to take it back to
them tell you all about them you are
their dvds learn anything you want to
that's about all the time we got for
today for all of us at mojo i'm terry
denman god bless you we'll see you again
next week thanks for tuning in and we
look forward to seeing you again next
week right here on mojo outdoors TV for
more information on how to buy or sell
some of America's top recreational
properties whether it be for hunting
fishing or just relaxing log on to www
is and sellers meet if you see us on the
road give us a shout and like we always
say it ain't magic if it aint mojo